Update remote-help.md - Fix formatting on note (#2712)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/remote-actions/remote-help.md

- Intune admins can download and deploy the app to enrolled devices. For more information about app deployments, see [Install apps on Windows devices](../apps/apps-windows-10-app-deploy.md#install-apps-on-windows-10-devices).
- Individual users who have permissions to install apps on their devices can also download and install remote help.

> [!NOTE]

> > - On April 5th, 2022, existing users of remote help will see a recommended upgrade screen when they open the remote help app. Users will be able to continue using remote help without upgrading. 
> > - On April 12th, 2022, existing users of remote help will see a mandatory upgrade screen when they open the remote help app. They will not be able to proceed until they upgrade to the latest version of remote help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - On April 5, 2022, existing users of remote help will see a recommended upgrade screen when they open the remote help app. Users will be able to continue using remote help without upgrading. 
> - On April 12, 2022, existing users of remote help will see a mandatory upgrade screen when they open the remote help app. They will not be able to proceed until they upgrade to the latest version of remote help.
```
